p a distance-learning is more than just
a tuition-free K through 12 cyber school
in pennsylvania it's an exciting
environment where parents can entrust
their loved ones with teachers who care
about each individual and their future
now let's take you behind our apple what
is a cyber charter school cyber charter
schools are public schools of choice
where parents and students choose to
attend in place of their district of
residents students attend from the
safety of their own home through the
internet under the direction of highly
qualified certified teachers using
interactive software each student is
provided a computer printer and all the
educational materials they need to
engage in their education what grade
levels this PA distance learning offer
and are there any costs we provide
curriculum for grades K through 12 at no
cost to families just like any other
public school it is tuition free for
students to attend how does a student
participate in physical education
students participate in physical
education by completing daily lessons
that encourage them to be active
students can feel comfortable performing
and trying different movements within
the comfort of their own home they also
required to attend weekly live learning
sessions where they follow the teacher
through different exercise routines the
curriculum also includes age-appropriate
health topics
can my school district prevent me from
enrolling my child in the PA distance
learning charter school or force my
child to attend their cyber program or
even force me to pay tuition a school
district cannot prevent you from
enrolling your child in a cyber charter
school even if the district has cyber
courses also a district cannot avoid
their financial responsibilities or make
you pay the tuition for your child to
attend a charter school well my child be
offered social interaction one common
myth about cyber school is a lack of the
ability to socialize at PA distance
learning we offer many social activities
throughout the school year and into the
summer months field trips like the
Hershey story museum the Heinz History
Center and the Ben Franklin Institute we
also offer fun activities like bullying
week and free tickets to sporting events
students can also participate in band
chorus theatre sport as well as any
other offering made available by their
local district will my child receive a
diploma is their graduation ceremony
students who graduate from PA distance
learning will receive a diploma upon
completing all necessary graduation
requirements a graduation ceremony is
held in June for all graduating seniors
and their families and is centrally
located in State College Pennsylvania to
learn more about PA distance learning
charter school and how our highly
qualified teachers and staff have been
helping students succeed for over ten
years visit our website p a distance org
you